[Music]
No, but it's a fact, right?  It's a fact.
What's wrong with my are today?  What's wrong
with my area?  Along the lines of making
himself look like a compulsive liar and the
person with the most implausible speech
in the [ __ ] wasteland that is the internet.
Tantrums review.  Hey, but this miare,
what is it?  There is a fat, mangy rat
named Raed.  Don't disrespect
people, man.  Even if they're
criminals, man.  It doesn't matter.  Don't
be disrespectful, damn it.  Everyone
has their honor, even criminals,
right?  Oh, no, no, no.  He did this, he did
this a criminal record certificate
.  He made this the
main video.  Brilliant.  Although I would have
given her a little more in love,
expensive.  Crying with laughter.  Just what's fair,
Carmen, just what's fair and necessary, eh?  He has
gone.  But why is the certificate in Madrid
?  This is a certificate of
How is an animal going to bite him in a
jungle, Javier?  That's weird, huh?  How strange,
how strange, eh, the certificate.  But of
course, uh, I still don't understand this, I
mean, are you going to deny in all this long text
that we're going to read now, are you going to deny that
she's been convicted, are you going to deny it, right?
He's going to deny it.  But why does she deny it if
she herself said it in a video
?  I mean, it's true that she posted
that tweet first saying she
won and went to the press saying she
won to confuse the fools,
but then she made a vertical video like that
that we were watching here where she
said, "Yes, yes, it's true, I've been
convicted for disobedience."  No,
look at what Paul put in the quotes.
Yes, now we're going to see what Pablo's doing
at Andy's.  We'll see, but I'm going to
read it first to have my opinion,
right?  What happens is my opinion doesn't matter
because I'm not a lawyer.  Nothing else
matters to you.  Pablo, Barcelona 1997. Yes, but
that must be the date, right?  From her, right?  What I
don't understand.  Yeah, uh, that'll be his
birthday.  If I'm not mistaken, he was around
there.  April 22, 2025, Madrid.
What I don't know is why they send it from
Madrid.  This is requested in a PL
online.  If you have an
electronic certificate and electronic signature, you can
request it in an online PL.  We ordered
mine, let's see what comes out.  Can you imagine if
anything bad comes out,
but of course, it might not have been
recorded yet, but they've
just convicted her, right?  What does
Wizard want?  At last.  Da Chambini, Javierini,
Lapalini.  Come on, let's read it.
The [ __ ] Yelmo wasteland that is the internet.
Tantrum review.  He has been calling me a criminal with a criminal record for days, weeks,
months, years
.  And while I know it's
a very rock and roll title, very rock
roll, you should know that, oh surprise, at
this moment we can confirm that it is
another of his paranoid ideas.   I
mean, he himself said he was going to
appeal the provincial court's ruling
after my entire
family and my office were acquitted of
embezzlement.  And while the case remains
open, the High Court to which the appeal
is being filed could
completely reverse its decision on the
previous rulings.  It's true, isn't it?  I'm not
going to lie to you.  What's going on?
Well, Dallas hasn't appealed, has it?
Look, he said he was going to appeal, he said he was
going to appeal under his and his lack of
legal knowledge, right?  The
lawyer would tell him, "No, it's here, what are
you going to appeal here? Go and appeal."  I
mean, if you already have the sentence
you need here, you have it here and the dog has to be
claimed on the other side,
right?  It's that if you, I don't know, uh, I mean,
if you start appealing the
Provincial Court and you go to the
Supreme Court, uh, point number one, I don't know if it
has cassation interest and point number
two, you can waste time, not delay
time for the other one.  Pablo, I already
explained it in Andy Abuelo's stream.  You won't
let me read it, man.  Which is why I
wonder why he insists that I have been
sentenced definitively if the criminal proceedings are
supposedly not over.  Or perhaps he
also made up the story that he was going to appeal to the Supreme Court to look good
to his followers, but he decided not to
do so because deep down he knows he
has no arguments to fight against these
legitimate solutions.  Changing your
mind isn't just a lack of justification; it's just
that
legally the procedure can't be
reversed.  Okay?  So, eh,
there's no further way for that procedure,
or it's not worth
trying. It's more worthwhile to go to
the civilian who disobeyed.  These
are legal issues that
people won't understand either, but then what they
're accusing you of is that you have
n't appealed when you said you were going
to appeal. You're doomed, aren't you?  I mean,
what does it matter?  It seems he's taken to
slandering me every few days
so I can wipe the floor with his lack of
credibility.  This time I took a
while because this weekend I've been
enjoying a full life and I haven't
had time to argue with crybabies
or washed-up YouTuber [ __ ].  Well,
well.  I don't know what you think of these
manners.  I don't know, I don't know, no, I don't know.
Your attitude has changed a bit lately
, hasn't it?  His attitude has changed a little
, but well, not much, eh, not
much.  Yes, I have many
clips of her insulting
people and so on over the years, but I don't know how
necessary it is to say, "No, I've been too
busy enjoying my life."  I don't know, it does
n't come off as very childish, it doesn't come off
as when you want to be
interesting.  I don't know what the
future holds.  Nobody knows.  Not even
Daniel himself knows where he will be in a few
months after, for example, having to
appear in court for the
alleged est No, no.
A complaint admitted for processing in
which more than 100 affected people participate,
right?  Delo truco, which by the way, Nitro
Launcher, which I put it to you yesterday, they
put it in a click that I saw, I don't
know if I put it here, in fact, I do
n't know if I ever opened it, but they put it to you
in a maybe this one, no,
not this one, they put it to you in a Nitro
Launcher tweet and you didn't want to answer that
you who have contact with this
issue of this complaint from Pambi
that says Dallas and Pablo, I know that you don't
see them, so I'm telling you that my
clian more out there, the canine puts them and
they put all of these, okay?  They say they can't
find the complaint, they've gone to
all the courts in the towns
you mentioned and it's not there.  If you
can, Hi, Javi, send lots of
hugs to Frank from me.  Well, he's probably
listening to us.  He often
comes to see us.  A kiss, squirrel,
gorgeous, eh, tell them
where it is, damn, they want to be
notified.  You can send it to Pablo, you
can tell us which court he is in.  Okay,
if you want, I can tell Serlen
which court her lawsuit is in.  The
first one that doesn't take it, okay?  And today
the second one has been presented.  Let's go for
the third one too.  Let's put the
third one because I don't know why he's not
giving them.  Another thing I can't say is that
if he doesn't find it because I'm
seeing that he doesn't pick it up, we'll
tell him where it is or his lawyer can
ask my lawyer like
Pablo did with Pambi's, okay?  But
Dallas is interested in taking on those
complaints.  Javi Nitro acknowledged yesterday,
along with Rae, that Dallas neither created the cryptocurrency
nor was he the one who took the money; that
Fernando Urdaneta did it all.  No, Guito,
please.  they will have said that.  We have that
click.  The complaint flees from the
accused.  No, but just look, what the
[ __ ], I know, look, I
go to every time I find out I have
a lawsuit, I go and pick it up so as
not to delay, so they don't put me in
default and all these things, right?, which
in the end are worse.  So, how happy would it be for
me when I file a lawsuit that
the other guy isn't taking, that the
opposing lawyer contacted mine and
said, "Hey, where is it? I'll
take it. Give me the case number."
So, well, I don't understand. I don't
understand, but oh well. Uh, well, the
Pambi thing is tremendous. I mean, the Pambi thing, let's
see, we read one page, we didn't
read the rest of the content.
Maybe it has a lot of grounds, who
knows, maybe it has a lot of
grounds, right? And here we are,
acting like a jerk, hey, maybe it
's super well-founded and all that
nonsense. But what I do know is that
today, April 22nd, I am a
person free of a criminal record and above
all, above all, free of any
guilty conscience. Life takes many
turns and the first thing can change.
The first thing can change, you see. But
if there's coherence between your moral code
and the decisions you make, the second thing
won't change.  Never. That's my case, thanks to everything
.  What she's basically telling you here
is that she thinks she's
taking responsibility, right?  If she
has to be condemned, then she will
do it, but she doesn't repent, she
has no guilty conscience.  I
understand it this way, I don't know how you understand it
, that she did what she
thought was right, assuming the
consequences and that's it.  It is what it is.
Hey, that's it.  BTV, what does it mean to
download the infamous?  Document costs
3.86.  Posting this tweet has pissed me off more
than the rat kids who will be furious
reading it.  By way of 24 hours until Sant
Jordi in 2025, Yala is still obsessed
with the idea of my intimate relationships,
mentioning my supposed partners.  What a
[ __ ] scary Stalker.  Oh, but your
boyfriend, your boyfriend is famous, Maria.
How many times have you contacted
each girl Dala has hooked up with
or each person who claims to have
had a conversation with him?  Well,
Dala answers this.  Now we will see what
Pablo has said here,
also in a thread that we saw.  We put it
further back, right?  They
posted some tweets here, I don't know what they want to
say.  We'll see.  Pay attention.
Historical lie.  Before
the criminal record was checked,
Mara Rubio still hadn't been released.
The sighted offender rushed to
get a certificate now before
it was released.  Why don't you wait a
little longer for them to kick in and
probably go to jail for not
giving me back my dog?  How can you
lie so blatantly?  What it seems
is that she wants them to appeal so she
can stop Argos' recovery.
Of course, if they appeal, of course, I don't know if it could be a provisional execution or something like that, but of course, if they appeal, I mean, I understand that to do what they're doing of asking for it, of asking for the dog in the
procedure that they disobeyed, they should uh
let this sentence become final,
because if it doesn't become final you can't go to the
other one, right?  I understand that it will be like this.
I understand, uh, I understand that you won't appeal the
What a mess, huh?  I mean, what a mess,
what a mess, what a mess.  Come on, this is
already a difficult level, huh?  How can you
lie so blatantly?  Downloading a
document that's worthless because it's not
instantaneous and hoping the four
sick people will applaud you.  Those who
support you don't realize how you are
lying.  Yes, but it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter.
I mean, it doesn't matter, right?  She has been
sentenced.  He doesn't have a criminal record
because it will take that long to appear, right?
Look, Pablo posted a tweet here,
but I'm going to watch the video first.  That is,
she has been condemned, she herself has told him
.  The verdict is published there,
she is also convicted, for God's sake,
they have convicted her, they have not
convicted her to as much as in the
first instance or in the first trial
in which it was annulled.  Well, the truth is
that in that sense, eh, his defense or his
lawyers have done very well.  Javi,
what happens if you file a complaint and the complaint
never reaches the person?  If you
report that complaint, it doesn't reach the
person, eh, what comes to a point
where I don't know how, I don't know how it's assessed,
eh, what a time, right?  And what deadlines and
how many attempts, right?  But there comes a
time when you are declared in
rebellion, which is what happened with
Lolly Huerta.  Loli, I have a
defendant, a lady who is not, but
she was declared in default because she didn't
answer, that is, she reached a
point where they did catch her.  What did the shur do to you
, Javi?  Cowboy has betrayed me.
Uh, I actually hate it.  Hey, that
lady took a long time to get the
lawsuit.  He didn't pick it up, but he finally did
.  According to my story, you would have a
mercenary morality.  You, who have held the same opinion for
years, and she, who rubs shoulders
with people who
say the exact opposite of what she
believes in order to attack Dallas, would seem fine to me if
she had her own position and point of
view in this conflict and if she saw
things in her conflict with Dallas the
way she does.  Okay?
that in the end everyone has their point of
view, their version, and she is
completely convinced of her story.   It
would seem to me, well, respectable, it would
seem logical to me, right?  You're
arguing with someone, you have your
position and the other person has theirs.  What
I don't like is that she and her
entourage are joining forces with Joan Planas,
supporting Tania PM and the whole husband thing.
Um, damn, they're really hanging around with
the peons, you know what I mean?  So, Loli,
how will it turn out if he never shows up?
Brenda, what she does is that she doesn't
defend herself.  So the court, I don't know if there will be a
trial if she doesn't
show up.  Well, if she doesn't show up, I
understand that the preliminary hearing will
end with her being sentenced and she'll be out.  No, no,
but he doesn't pay more or less.  If
she doesn't defend herself, then it's understood
that you've already seen how ugly the miniature that
Frank's Turboplan made is.  There's no video,
there are videos, guys.  We have video.
Du.  We're going to be here for a whole hour and a half.
Do you.  Let me know when it's not available for
members.  No, eh, what was I going to tell you?
Ah, Turboplan, damn, but I'm watching
the turboplan video.  They don't even
show me here anymore, man.  Well, I'm coming from your
recent video.  The walk you gave
Meji was a delight and well,
Chiara was tougher than a nougat on sale
xd.  He doesn't give him any rides.  I have said what
he is.  I don't understand today the
offended, eh, who are capable of
defending this guy, if they play
dumb, if they are like him or or what or what
definition they would give him, right?  I didn't
give him a ride, I told him what it
is.  I'll take the walk another
time when I have time.  I've already
said it.  It seems like characters appear here
who don't know their
story or don't know who they are or don't know what it is,
as if they were new people and they haven't
done anything and it's like forgive me, forgive me,
you know?  I mean, but look, yesterday
I called him a pedophile and he answered like a
pedophile, right?  He has answered by putting a
title.  They told me he said some
outrageous things, but no, Ray, a
kiss.  Kino has a mother.  Phew!  That's
an expression, eh, I understand.  No, no, no, no, no, no,
seriously, no.  Hey, he posted a
video, right? Saying that
I was once again commenting on
pedophile things, right? About my "My daughter said
that I would take my daughter or give
my daughter to a threesome with Lizy and Dala."
Pedophile comments.  That is, it has no
other definition.  So, the idea to
defend yourself from being called a pedophile is
to make more pedophile comments.  It's
like saying he has no shame.  Yeah,
yeah, but man, there are a lot of people who
maybe don't understand the expression.  I do
know her because here I know
all the expressions of all the you know
that you would put your daughter on the Patreon of
the Yes, yes, yes, yes.  I mean, that's what he was talking about,
a 14-year-old girl.  I mean, to
try to hurt me is like what you
're doing.  These are
pedophile comments.  I mean, you're not
going to set foot in Spain because if you set foot in Spain,
eh, I'm telling you it won't come out, okay?  But
you do pedophile things.  Clear.  And the extra
defends the month, right?  What I didn't
understand was Gibel, who
sent me a click and called me a
psychopath and like, man, you're stupid or you do
n't know the story or you weren't there or whatever it is that you're
complaining about, you
know?  I don't know how he's not ashamed.
Shame.  Without seeing type that esme three
children.
Hello, how are you?  How are you?  Mej
vergas is a little monkey who does his
odd jobs and he thinks he's very intelligent and
superior.  No, no, he doesn't believe anything.  He
knows perfectly well what it is.  The truth is there
are so many things that I don't know where to
start.  Could you please send me the
link to the tweet?  Yes, from the tweet because
there we have Pablo
this week, man.  And with Gibel they had no
peace anymore.  Yeah, yeah, I don't have any
problems or anything, but man, he
called me a psychopath to my [ __ ] face,
okay?  And then, since I know he's going to
get the clip, because some of you are going to
send it to him, Gibel, explain to me what the hell
is so psychopathic about calling
a guy a pedophile who makes pedophile comments
about my daughter, well, about my daughter, about my
daughter to me, about many other things
too, you know?  And oh, oh, he called him a
pedophile.  Of course, damn it.  What
adjective would you give it?  So many things
that Ready.  Okay.  Well, let's see.  Uh,
the first thing I want to say is that just because
you get a clean criminal record
doesn't mean you don't have a
criminal record.  Well, basically
because they take time to register and it's very
simple and it's also very easy to
explain why that criminal record isn't registered
, because
the finality of that
complaint, of that sentence, has not yet been requested.  Good.
Point one, he says, "It's not final if she
appeals, right? Let's see, there's such a
thing as the impeius reform, and I
mean, if she doesn't appeal, if she doesn't
appeal, it becomes final. If Dallas
appeals, it could become final
or even final, or it could just become final. I mean,
when you, imagine you're
sentenced to pay 1000 and you appeal. In
that appeal, they can't sentence you to
pay 1500. It could be 1000 or
500 or zero. The exact same thing happens with this
. If the prosecution appeals, they'll
never get a lesser sentence.
Do I make myself clear? For that, she'd have to
appeal. And the ruling, eh, from
the Provincial Court was communicated to
the parties on March 18, 2025, and
therefore, the time to appeal is at home.
The video is now available to
everyone. Javi. Ah, about Dallas. Okay, we'll
see it when we're done. finished
the  March 25th. She hasn't appealed,
so the ruling is final. What
happens now? What happens now?
I'll take this now.  Okay,
I'll take over this matter now, and the next step is to
request a declaration of finality
from the provincial court, okay?
Once the finality is declared, which
is already final, because in the sense that it
is unappealable, if she did not appeal
before the 25th of the 3rd and to appeal she
would have had to have forwarded it to
us and she did not and she has not done so.  It is
firm.  The thing is, the court has to
declare its finality, and from
then on, when the court declares its
finality, the
criminal record is transferred to the central registry of
convicted and rebel offenders.  Good.  And there are
two things that can happen, because she has a
conviction and I'll tell you exactly,
the courts are upheld, eh,
the proven rights are accepted because I'm
looking at the sentence right now.  Uh,
okay.  Course, we failed, we
partially estimated, okay?  We
partially reverse the ruling and acquit him of
misappropriation, while the
conviction for gross disobedience is upheld.  and for
serious disobedience, eh, 3 months and for
serious disobedience, I think it was 3
months or 4 months in prison.  Well, she's
going to ask for the sentence to be suspended.   You must
request in a timely manner
that the sentence be suspended so that you do not
serve it.  And for the sentence to be suspended,
three things have to happen.  One that
is your first offense, which it is.  And by the
way, the sentence will be suspended
for two years, okay?  If he were to remain, if he were to commit another
crime in these two years, he would go
to prison, eh, one, that he would be a
first-time offender, two, that the sentence
be less than 2 years, which it is, and
three, face
civil liability.  In this case, what we are going to
ask is that you hand over the dog.  If you do
not hand him over, we will refuse to
suspend the sentence.  So let him
go to Bien for those 4 months.  Hey, this is
very simple.  This is very simple, right?  And I
ask your permission.  Ray a kiss.  One thing
from here to Maria.  Maria,
a criminal complaint was filed against you this week.
Civil trials have nothing to do
with criminal records.  This is
lawyer.  Javi, change of lawyer.
Criminal trials can, however, involve
a civil party.  That is, in this case the
civil part would be the fine.  Uh, I don't know if
there was any coastline, I think there was
some coastline too.  And he and the dog.
The dog was a civil party.  What
happens is that for me the dog has not been
left in the civil part of the penalty, it has been
left in the civil part of the one who
disobeyed.  But when they convicted you, you were found guilty of
civil liability for a crime
against privacy, because you made
public images recorded
inside the house.  Son of the little girl
on the left, please.  Well, I don't
remember it by heart, but they
'll probably be posting it in the chat because they'll
probably know it, right?  I don't know if it
says Andy reveals or she says something else,
because on Twitter it has her name,
but in a very strange way written as
Daniel and this and these things, okay?  And
you have been reported for that.  Okay, you will be
asked to
attach your criminal history record.  You give
permission from here, since you are
innocent, since you present this panel,
you give permission for your criminal history record to be
made public.  I'm leaving it.  I'm not
going to make it public, okay?  I'm not
going to make it public, but you give permission
for your criminal record to be made
public.  That's it, you're innocent,
you have no criminal record.  Perfect, we're making
your criminal record public.
Want?  Want?  From here, hey,
I'm committed.  Yes,
the conviction has already been published.  I just
bought the most expensive membership, Javi.
What benefits do I have?  Hey, Yis, I have no
[ __ ] idea.  But do you want me to
kiss you on the mouth?  For example, making it
public no matter what, whether it is clean or not
.  Okay, you're not going to
publish it now.  But it doesn't matter.
But let's see if he doesn't
give permission.  But if it goes it doesn't matter.
Let's see.  But if there's a sentence
condemning her to 3 months in prison,
what's the point of that sheet?  What
happens is that she has certified, eh, she
has taken out the criminal record certificate
because there hasn't been time for them to
appear yet.  Come out clean.  No, no,
obviously not.  Obviously not.  But
let's see what he has committed, what is
not this, it is not debatable.  Yeah,
not this.  Javi is selling fruit to them
in their faces and they don't realize it.  But it's
not about whether they realize it or
not.  Let's see.  It's that he has
taken it and done this, man.  In other
words, she went ahead and requested a
criminal record check
to say that she has no
criminal record when she was just
convicted.  He knows perfectly well that it will
take a while for that to appear.  Well, I do
n't know if it might take a while, eh, I don't know
when the sentence is final.  Look, the
sentence came out the day I recorded the
Borja Caponi thing.  No, Borja Caponi.
When?  When did I record it?  But what a
face offer with your eyes wide closed
and sticking out your tongue.  Face twisting
with laughter.  Face twisting with
laughter.  March 19th I published it.  Hello,
Javi.  Thank you for keeping me company
while I work.  He he.  Greetings.  a big
kiss.  More than a month ago, that is, the day
I went here to record this was
when the sentence arrived, and I
remember that I was coming back on the
road, in the space with you
talking, that is, it's been more than a month
since the sentence, if neither party
has appealed, then it's final, right?  Or it's
understood as firm and they have to
ask for something else to make it
firm, I don't know, honestly, I
have no [ __ ] idea.  So, let's
learn from all the legal issues,
okay?  We are going to learn about commercial law,
copyright, the right to honor,
criminal libel, and slander.  We've
covered all the bases.  Hey,
we also revealed secrets on
Telesalseo.  All, all the suits.
So, I don't know.  Look, it was just
confirmed a few days ago, if anything,
because there were long weekends in between
holidays, right?  Eric, a kiss.  That
is, if it is firm, if it is firm, it has
not yet had time to appear.
So the girl went to ask for
this certificate and said, "I don't
have one."  Okay, so it doesn't have one.  Maybe
next week, right?  Don't know.
How long does it take?  With how nervous she's been
lately, maybe if she accepts that it's
made public, Rae will probably leave you alone right now
.  It's okay to dream.  But I do
n't understand why they need this.
But I don't know why he's
denying it.  But if you have a conviction.
Victor Blanco, a kiss.  But what I'm
saying is, well, when I lose a trial, I
lose it, I've lost it and that's it.
No, no, you have no choice.  But I'm not a fan of
these people, they go out and
parade around in the press saying they've
won.  Okay, handsome Luares.  Okay, son, I'll
answer you later.  The
Barcelona Provincial Court has also
acquitted Miare of a crime of
imprisonment.  Yes, yes.  It is resolved from
wrongful appropriation because they cannot
convict for the same act of two
different crimes.  They left her with the
most serious crime, which was
disobedience, and she is sentenced to 3
months in prison.  That is, the
records can be erased after 3 months
and 2 years have passed.  That
is, if he doesn't commit any more crimes or anything like
that.  I mean, it's not even
if he doesn't commit any other crime.  If you don't commit any
more crimes of the same type,
nothing happens.  But why deny it?  You've
lost, that's it.  Well, look, this is done.   I
don't understand so much film either.
Well, he is indeed making a go of it in
the press, saying that he won.  But
Javier is just defending himself, a doc
rolling around laughing and crying
loudly.  Defending the Rae
seemed to me, well, defending the
Rae is not debatable, damn, there's a
[ __ ] sentence, let's see, it's the
conviction exactly because let's see
where the criminal sentence is, the
court sentence.  Criminal sentence condemns
Maria.  Failed.  I acquit.  Mara
Rubio Snchez is sentenced as the perpetrator of a crime
of serious disobedience to
judicial authority to three months in
prison and special disqualification from
exercising the right to
passive suffrage for the duration of her sentence,
as well as payment of one-
third of the costs incurred in
this proceeding.  That's it, that's it
.  I mean, it's just that it's done, it's just that
.  And what they acquitted her of in the
second instance was the minor offense of
misappropriation, which was a fine
of 360. What they acquitted her of in the
second instance was a fine of
360. Resources were spent, right?
Surely, right?  Damn, boy, I'm like,
let me see what other
nonsense he's saying.  It's that I don't know
what that really is, man.
Damn, thank goodness Miares broke his
silence again, man.  for the first
time he breaks his silence.  Let's see, online,
let's see it.  Along the lines of making
himself look like a compulsive liar and
the person with the most
implausible speech in the [ __ ] Yelmo wasteland.  Hey hey
, Maria, one thing, look, Yelmo is a
hat, it's a helmet that
knights and a movie theater used, right?  So, here
in Seville there is a cinema.  If you're referring to
something that's not productive, it's Yermo with
R. Yermo, don't try to speak in a difficult way,
Mara, you won't get it right.  Don't try to
pretend to have a culture you don't have.
Yelmo is a case in point, the moor is a barren moor
.  Wilderness.  Well, as I said.  Don't
try to speak in a difficult way and don't try to pretend to have
an education you don't have
because you haven't even read the
shampoo leaflets, Maria.  No, he's not interested.
Okay, come on.  Hey, what's the internet for
talas review?  He's been calling me a criminal with a criminal record for days, weeks,
months, years, shig.
You are.  And although I imagine it must
be a pain, I think Dallas
should start asking for the right to
rectification from all those media outlets
that the mute woman and the lady with
titanium teeth go to, they shouldn't leave them with that
throwing weapon.  Don't make those comments
about people's physiques.  I'm
sick of telling you, huh?  I'm going to ban,
eh, I'm going to ban.  Last warning, behave yourselves
, okay?  Yes, I've already told you
many times, I mean, in my case, for
example, when it crosses my
mind to do that to me, it's because they don't
do the things they do to this one to me.
Obviously, this is not my problem.  They
once showed me a headline that
was false, the one from Facaua, which was about
a lawsuit that they didn't file in 2020.
Then they published one in 2023, I don't know if they were
referring to the same one, because in
the Faca article, uh, in 2020, in the
Faca article in 2020, they published
new legal actions for Javi
Oliveira.  Mother and daughter are suing for
this and that, and I think they
also filed a complaint for slander.  They never put
that, you know?  So that's
clear to me.  In fact, if I'm not mistaken, I recommended to
another YouTuber that they also did
the same thing with the headlines, and they
did it regarding the right
to rectification and they
had to accept it, they published the
rectifications and that was it.  So, since
then they have been more careful.  But
not with Dallas, eh, I mean, with Dallas they don't
cut anything.  With Dallas, they published
some articles last week and
I said, man, I don't know if I said it to him or to
Pablo, you send a letter for rectification
and on the contrary, what they are doing by
removing these articles is giving you the
possibility of now being able to
publish your point of view.  I mean, I
see it this way, every time they publish an article
about me with that nonsense, with
nonsense, I'm going to take it, I'm going to send
the article to the right of
rectification and they're going to be able to, uh, and they're going to have to
publish my version as well.   I
know it's a very rock and rock
and roll title.  It's missing an a, it's
also misspelled.  You should know
that, to our surprise, we can now
confirm that this is another
paranoid suspicion.  You don't have No, I don't
mean, he himself said that he was going to appeal
the decision of the Provincial Court
after the acquittal of my entire family and
my position for misappropriation.   No
no.  Oh ok.  Of the solution to your
charge, an undue portion, yes.  And
while the case remains open, the
High Court being
appealed to could completely overturn the
ruling on the evidence.
No, it's not true.  You just explained it,
man.  No, which is why I wonder,
why do you insist that I am condemned
?  Because you are firmly condemned.
If the criminal process is supposedly not
over, it is.  Or perhaps he
also made up the fact that he was going to appeal to the Supreme Court to look good
to his followers.  But no, no, no,
but listen to me, I don't know if I can
say that.  But the thing about whether
or not to appeal to the Supreme Court, I mean, in the
end, what is it that he is
reproaching you for?  To appeal or not to
appeal?  Look, you're doomed.  What you
want to reproach him for is that he said he was
going to appeal and he hasn't appealed.
Okay.  And you and your mother said that we had to
see how Dallas was going to appeal
if it had won.  Well, he hasn't won.
How are you going to appeal?  Well, you
haven't won because you sent
a request for clarification of the
ruling.  That is, these are things that
the law allows you to do, eh, that fall within
your rights and you either do them or you don't
.  You choose.  He told me to
appeal to the Supreme Court.  Well, I'm not going.
Okay, he also made it up to look
good in front of his followers, but he
decided not to do it because deep down he
knows he has no arguments to fight
against these legitimate absolutes.  I don't
know what he knows deep down.  Your
acquittal for misappropriation is
legitimate.  Yes sir.  I
agree with the ruling.  No, I
agree with the ruling of the
Provincial Court.  I agree
with that ruling.  In both the part that
condemns you for gross disobedience and
the part that acquits you for
misappropriation, they cannot condemn you.  It is what is
called an ideal competition
of crimes.  If I'm being ideal, it
's not a real competition of crimes.
I agree with that.  I don't know.  Changing your
mind is permissible.  Yes, I have changed
.  Well, I don't know if he's changed his
mind.  I know what I recommended,
but hide it from your followers because
admitting it would be losing your mind.  It's
ugly.  He just doesn't lose his mind.  He's
been saying the same thing all this time
and I'm explaining it to you.  It seems he's
taken to slandering me
every few days so I can wipe
the floor with his own credibility.
Man, let's see, in your head it sounded
spectacular, I'm sure.  And you, I'm
sure you think you're
sweeping the floor with it.  But Maria, that's
it, I'll take it apart for you,
no problem, I'll take it apart for you.
This time I took a while because this
long weekend I've been enjoying
a full life.  Indeed, and you
had to take photos on Instagram to let it be
known that he was there.  Hey, you like this
video, huh?  Watch this video,
[Music]
[Applause]
huh.  But it really seems like it or not
[Music] it will
seem like it's true to you, Javier, I know you won't
believe me, but it's true,
even if it sounds impossible.  Today laser I speak
of you face screaming in fear.  Seriously,
man.  And that's it
, Oh, Tomy, really.
[Music]
Damn, how they've suddenly been
.  I [ __ ] on 10. What the hell are they
doing there?  Look at 43. What the [ __ ]
43?  This is how I'll be in 3 years.
Hey, but how bad, how bad.  Hey, I
was 36 here. What do you say? Well, that's
pretty normal, right?  He has copy
this, I mean, 36, but you're 43 like that, I [ __ ]
on everything, [ __ ].  Well, what's 43? Oh, what's
Java, damn it.  Here at 56, how are you?  No,
well it doesn't look much like it, does it?  Of course,
here, as an old man, that is his
most famous face, isn't it?  That there will be more
registration, but come on, as a child and so on, it doesn't
look much like that.  How many years
was he dad?  Eh eh eh eho
papal cardinal of 69. Ah, no, of 76. When he
was 76 he was the dad when he was 76.
Until the strong thing of the eh.  Look, it
's true that I don't know if it will be
very similar, but man, AI
in a few years, my goodness, huh?  It's
been there for 12 years, 14, 12, but the AI thing
is very strong.  Hey, you were in a
jacuzzi because you're the first person
in the world to be in a jacuzzi, right?
But you had to take pictures to say,
"Oh, I'm so glad I'm not thinking
about Dallas."  Okay, Maria, okay,
fine.  And it comes in full swing and I haven't had
time to argue with the shitty crybabies
of washed-up YouTubers.  The
Dallas video is here.  Yes, now we're going to
see.  We see this from Pablo and we're going to
see it again.  What do you mean by
Wismichu fans?  Jorones smells like [ __ ]
from a washed-up YouTuber.  Do you mean
Wismichu as finished or you.  I
mean, if you want, we can look at the numbers
you have, the ones Dallas has, the ones
Wismichu has.  We look at the numbers.  If we
have it easy.  I don't know what
the future holds.  Nobody knows.  No, I
do.  I do know.  Yes. Not even
Daniel himself knows where he'll be in a few
months.  That's true.  That's true.  Hey,
after, for example, having to
declare how to rate this outfit, what would
you think?  Let's see.  Very uncomfortable, isn't it?
Very uncomfortable, isn't it?  I've been here all
day since I bought the crops for
the sanctuary, man, all the time.
During the week I'm with the chroms, except for
the time at the gym.  Because?  Because I
go up, I take the dog down, I don't know what, I don't know
how much and I'm with the crops all the time
.  But this, damn, [ __ ], this
is almost handcuffed, right?  Well, good
outfit.  Good outfit.  Not bad.  Before the
court for the complaint of alleged
fraud.  A complaint has been admitted and is being processed, in
which more than 100 affected parties have participated.
But tell me where it is.  If
God knows where he is here, everyone except us.  But you don't
know how much work it's giving me to
find out where that one is.  But I
swear, it's just that I'm calling everything, man.  It's
going to cost Dallas a fortune, man.
It's going to cost Dallas a fortune.  Just
my job of trying to find that
[ __ ] complaint that isn't
anywhere, it's not in Arenis de Mar, it's not
in Barcelona, the opposing lawyer
wants to pass it to me, and, [ __ ], in eh, by
the way, they take it to es Diario TV, we've
reported Dallas I don't know what and they only
give him the first page of the complaint,
eh?  Because he asked for it.  It's a
daily newspaper, and you know that I work for it
.  I say, "Pass this
complaint to me."  No, no, we only have
the first page.  [ __ ], man, you guys
are a bunch of liars, man.  You are a
bunch of liars.  But anyway, a
complaint admitted for processing.  What
procedure?  Uh, anyway.  It was just that I do
n't understand why they don't want to pass the complaint on to him
, I really don't understand.  I do
n't know if the turbo deleted or hid videos
messing with Delux, what happened?
No, apparently Delox said it, eh, I don't
remember if he said it on Twitter or in one of
his live streams, no, he sent me the
click location, but I didn't put it, I think, at the end.
And apparently he has removed the demand
from them too.  He did the same thing as
with the other one, without asking for forgiveness, without
anything, he deleted the videos and that's it, like
without saying anything, you know?  There you go, now that he
's an enemy and obsessed with
Dallas, Turboplan isn't going to
mess with him anymore, you understand?  But
Turboplan doesn't portray itself as the biggest
scammer, I lied, nothing.  I mean,
just nothing, remove the
videos and that's it.  Just like with the other one,
with the other one of those who has no dignity,
but absolutely none, I mean,
absolutely none.  I'm not telling
you to reach an agreement, because they
compare it, they try to compare it with the
agreements I made with other people.
It's like no.  Let's see, if you're not
a scammer and you're filing a
lawsuit because they're calling you the
biggest scammer on YouTube, YouTube,
scammer, scammer.  Okay, it's
great that you're withdrawing the lawsuits because these
are very long, very heavy issues, and it's not like
you're interested in money either.
Okay, fine, but at the very least, I should ask for
costs. Well, it's not that I don't care about
costs. Why?  Because he knows that if
you ask for the costs, they might not
pay them or they might say, hey,
let's go to court, I'm taking the risk, you know?
But he hasn't asked for legal
costs or a pardon, he
just deletes the videos and I'll take it away from you
.  Come on, he has failed, but apart from
little more than we have seen it, that is, little
more and Delox begging them to
want to take it away has been very pathetic.
Delos seemed to me to be one of the
most pathetic characters that have ever passed through here,
huh?  One of the most pathetic characters that
have ever passed through here, with more
than 100 victims involved, right?  And
10,500 can participate.  Hey, well, it's better for
this lawyer who's charging
each of them a fortune.  [ __ ]
awesome.  Damn, that seems fine to me.   You
can set up a cooler office than the one that
arrived recently, which is that it did
n't arrive.  He says he
recently received something he doesn't feel like
talking about much.  It just hasn't arrived.   The one he
doesn't feel like talking about much.  That's why he
's so annoying with me.
Somehow, attention must be diverted
so that his followers don't notice the
stinking, titanic dung heap on which
their idol sits.  Maria, do you have
any fixation with your excretory system?   That
is, dung, [ __ ], I don't know what,
stench, no longer communicated.  I mean, well,
I know things, but I can't say them,
but I don't know anymore.  Well, Dagger
just wants the dog, man.  I just don't
want anything else from these people.  But what I do
know is that as of today,
April 22, yes, I am a person free of a
criminal record.  No, no, no.  That they do not
appear in the central registry of
convicts and rebels.  Ah, look, that's the
central registry of convicts.  Well, I'm
older than a forest and it
used to be called the Criminal Registry of the
Central Registry of Convicts and Rebels.
Of course, that's why you rushed to
get it out, right?  Before that, okay.
Eh, I am a person free of
criminal records and above all,
above all, free of guilty
consciences.  I agree with that.  You
have no guilty conscience.  No, he did
n't do it on purpose.  I agree with that
.  Yes, I say it, he did it on
purpose and assumed the consequences.   It
's not like, damn, they caught me, I
shouldn't have done it.  No, no,
no.  To avoid having a guilty
conscience, there is something essential
first, right?  What is having a conscience and
from what I see you don't have it.
You and your family don't have it, you said that
greyhounds can disappear more
than once, do you remember?  Well, anyway,
life takes many turns, yes, and the
first thing can change.  First, what.
But if there is consistency between your
moral code and the decisions you make, the
latter will never change.  That's
thanks to everything in my case.  No,
I agree with that too.  I
agree.  I agree that your
moral code is consistent with what
you do.  Kiss, Paula.  My country mourns for
the Argentine Pope.  For the
Argentine Pope.  I'm not very familiar with
the Pope and all that stuff,
and I don't know what you're talking about, Paula,
forgive me.  I don't know what you're referring to and I don't
know what's going on.  I
mean, I know that now it's like an
election, right?  Come on, these are not
elections that I understand are within
the church, right?  Among the
top brass, let's say, right?  From the
church.  Javi, you are the Pope of
Salcedo.  Exactly, Javi, Pope
Francis was Argentine.  Yeah, but I don't
know what's happening, what's happening now.
So, what's coming up now is
this conclave, right?  And that was a little bit more, right?  That's
probably really good to put in
something that isn't, that's probably
already more than decided, right?  I
agree with that.  It's not my
moral code, okay?  But I'm sure
your moral code allows all these
things.  It allows you to send
biased health reports, it allows you to pass on a
psychiatric report from a
dental clinic, it allows you to force a
friend and your brother to lie in court and have
them testify for the crime
of false testimony in a criminal case.  I
know your moral code allows you to
hit someone over the head with a bottle
for arguing about Catalonia, and I
'm sure your moral code
allows all those things.  In fact, I'm
sure you wouldn't even mind
recording a friend in some
circumstance and sharing it.  I'm sure
you wouldn't mind even that.
I'm sure.  Do you want to talk about that
too, Maria?  Do you want to talk about that
too?  Well, we continue.  He says, "
Thank God that's my case."  That's that's your
case.  It's by the way, downloading the
report document costs 3.86.  Look,
I didn't remember when I knew, but
thanks.  Posting that tweet pissed
me off more than the rat kids who will be
raging when they read it.  He's screwed you.  Okay, let's
watch more of this or go watch some
Dallas video because otherwise we're going to be
late, right?  We watch the
Dallas video, we watch Chi.  What do we do?
This is really dragging on for us in the end
, huh?  Let's see more of
this.  Well, I closed it.  Well, I
closed it.  I'm very sorry, but I've
closed it.  Uh, well, uh, there was a
thread here that we were going to take a
look at, which was times that I've talked
about Dallas without him saying anything.  Another
story.  What's on here is TV.  Yes, we don't
know him anymore.
This thing with the little store is totally crap.
Well, unnecessary.  They put this up, they don't
have time for trouble, okay?  And they
started laughing.  I don't know if
it's because of this.  I don't think so, no, because it will be I
just saw more than 60 pages of
a complaint read by a YouTuber who likes to
monetize harassment against What a shame it is
plan.  Seriously, man, what a
pathetic creature you've become, man.  That
you have put a puppy.  You have put a
puppy.  Who have
you convinced to file a
complaint against me?  The Tania who asked for the money
for the complaint.  An aunt who has been
harassing me for I don't even know how many months she
has been harassing me and who wants to
sue because
her husband's sentence has come out.  That's what you're defending.  That
excites you.  Uh, Joan,
you're helping her with these things.  Look, then you
go to court and cry.  Then you go to the
canal you went to for a
canal tour crying.  Oh, how sad,
really, son.  How bad, how bad, how bad
you take it, son, to lose a
media debate and be caught by an
uneducated neighborhood kid, an illiterate, right?
As you say, and you act smart and give me
the beating of your life that has
left you 5 years, I took that beating that you're going to be
like, it's not like she doesn't even know
what defending a Tania.  to a
Tania, who is the prototype of the woman
he would mess with, make fun of, and
all the rest of it.  The thing about Tania's husband,
who came out to say that
the provincial court had made a mistake about Tania's husband
.  Um, to the feminists now,
already, pathetic.  I'm glad you're
celebrating.  All right, uh, see you
next year, by the way.  See you
next year, I have to pay you your 0
EUR.  Well,
[Music]